Document 'default_group_priority' and 'supervisor' priority (#944)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/changelog/index.mdx

</Warning>

### Agents

> - Documented `default_group_priority` for agents.

Reviewer: you reverted that part :)

</Warning>

> ### Agents

Reviewer 2: yup, thx

> - Added support for `supervisor` priority for group priorities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added support for the `supervisor` priority for the group priority parameter.
```
